If I turn back time
Will the memories be erased?
I know I’m saying things that
can't be done
But I made your life difficult
I had you living in tears
Guilt made me think that way
But, for me
I can’t live outside of you
Only time coloured by you
will flow pass
I love you, thank you
For holding me so warmly
Because of this love, I manage to live on
I guess love is like that
No matter what you say
It didn't feel like my heart was filled
I thought maybe I was just being greedy
These feelings still won't go away easily
Don't you know?
For me
I can’t live outside of you
Only time coloured by you
will flow pass
I love you, thank you
For holding me so warmly
Because of this love, I manage to live
If I go back in time,
will I be able to endure it?
All those harsh times
When I see you, who wasn't shaken
My lips tremble
Don't you know?
For me
I can’t live outside of you
Only time coloured by you
will flow pass
I love you, thank you
For holding me so warmly
Because of this love, I manage to live